How is my child?
Is he still there?
The child is still there
But it's not going well.
Your fetus is weak
It has already appeared, and I want to find it in the flow.
Even if it is saved this time
It may still be suddenly smooth next time.
Is there any way to save him?
From a professional standpoint
My advice is to throw it away as soon as possible
Good for you and the baby
Since you were found in the underpass
Presumably you don't have a good economic condition
There is no stable living environment
unless
You can find a good fetal environment right away
Get enough nutrients
Maintain a stable mood
otherwise
Sooner or later your child will be thrown away by himself
You will suffer even more then
I want to keep him.
Little girl, don't be stubborn
If you have to feed this fetus
You need a lot of energy and financial resources
Do you have any money?
Thanks doctor I know
If you insist on having this fetus
You need a lot of experience and financial resources
Do you have any money?
future
go to the toilet